hi this is a video when your little rat
so she can see she's here right now and
sugar she's really really happy she's
got a friend again in a sister and she
definitely knows that they're sisters
because they were cuddling up just a
minute ago I got her about an hour ago
and as you can see she looks a lot like
struck truffle and but there's a few
slight differences she has more patches
and a tails slightly different but
obviously she was at like truffle
because they were sisters so she can see
she's doing durable no sugar and so are
you you're so adorable too so yeah and
as normal can you run count their names
for her I was thinking maybe cookie and
but I don't know cookie would be quite
cute named cool her but I don't know
their colors or something um if you can
come up with any more names I was also
thinking maybe Pippa because that's
quite cute name but again let me know
what you think sing to Denny more names
if you want to call her anything and she
goes down here right now and you can see
there's some good fleets here right now
because she's done it and because I did
have this place in the sputnik and they
were all cuddled and snuggled up in it
but they sort of kicked it out so I've
just put it there for now and that's
giving me a good idea actually because
it means I can just cut out squares of
well rectangles of it is a square big
square to be honest but it's just folded
in half so it's more padded so a big
square of fleece to put on these bars
it's just better for their feet really
and I want them to feel comfortable
I've also cleaned out the cage I have to
clean out in the morning so there's no
scent of
truffle or yeah it's just it's a neutral
scent and also neutral cage pretty much
I've taken out the few little toys and
cheese for them so again they won't have
to fight over toys it's just better for
them
when I put this one here in the cage she
got was chasing it around chasing her
around and she's been really dominant
and I thought they were gonna fight and
eventually she did actually they did
have a little roll over and I don't know
allow us to see sugar saying this is my
territory not yours or I hate you or
something but then eventually she she
knew they were sisters because it's the
natural instincts to know that they are
sisters they come from the same litter
and that she now knows her and that's
brilliant and she lived with her for the
rest of her life
so yeah since she's drinking right now
so doable as you can see so yeah so this
is the neat one as you can see she's not
replacing truffle in any way it's just
obviously I knew sugar needed a friend
and company again and I know truffle
would want sugar to be happy right now
and have company and someone to play
with so she has now got a new little
sister but truffle always be her first
best sister obviously and she will never
ever be forgotten
at least I know she's in peace now so
that's good sugar sugar
she's just mainly just drinking he's
drinking actually on the edge of the
drinker that's quite funny you wanna
drink from it there you go so she is
much happier now she's more in her sort
of happy mode and they were snuggling up
together just now so it's really cute
and as you can see so yeah that's uh so
she's very very shiny is very healthy
she's not snuffling or making any little
breathing noises she's so quiet and
healthy and it's got a gorgeous glossy
coat really shiny and she's actually
fairly easy to handle she's a lot team
oven sugar so yeah that's her and I will
cut out more fleece for them and put it
in back in the sputnik and also cover
the bars I think as well cuz it'd just
be nicer for them and I would try and
find some hooks to make hammocks as well
obviously when they're in a much bigger
cage there'll be lots of plans for them
to have loads of hammocks in their cage
or even make a video on how to make and
wrap hammocks and police hammocks and
things different fabrics and materials
so yeah so that's them and there's the
Disney one damn my camera's not focusing
come on focus Lucas there you go
so yeah that's it so that's the video
and I hope you enjoyed please comment
down below subscribe i request any more
videos and um i hope you enjoyed see ya
bye